Today was pretty much the best day that I've had since coming to Boston. After an interesting morning, I got myself going and met up with Meredith at boloco for lunch. We then proceeded to walk around the North End of Boston for quite a while. We visited Paul Revere's house, the Old North Church and Faneuil Hall/Quincy Market. I'm really very excited to spend a little bit more time there at some point and walk the Freedom Trail, but this was a good starting point. The Old North Church is really quite beautiful and amazing. The organ in the balcony is huge and they have a very interesting set-up of rented pews (from people in the 1700s). Afterward, we weren't really sure what to do, so we went back to the aquarium, bought tickets, and spent hours looking at the penguins, fish, giant sea turtles, harbor seals and other random sea creatures. In short, it was amazing! I loved it far too much! Also, I found out that they have a radiology lab in the aquarium and they had some x-rays on their boards and it was quite cool. That would be an amazing job! Anyway, I cannot even explain how adorable the penguins and seals are. It's actually kind of ridiculous. We could have watched just the penguins for hours on end! After wandering a bit more, we went to South Station to see where Meredith will be taking a bus from. The station itself is confusing, and the bus terminal is even worse. We finally found the ticket booth and where the busses leave from, so that was a success! We left from there and made our way back to MCPHS, where I gave Meredith the official tour. We were planning on heading over to the Prudential Center to find food and do some random window shopping, but instead, we went back to Northeastern. I got to look around the dorms there and I even ate dinner there! After quite a long day of amazing fun, I made my way home, baked some brownies and relaxed. Now, I'm off to bed because tomorrow is going to be a rough day. I have to do laundry, go grocery shopping and do some homework... yay fun.