Yesterday was quite boring, so I decided not to devote an entire post to it. I only had two classes, Psychology and Writing, and both were pretty simple. The rest of the day was spent doing homework–reading, writing and doing math (that last one was just for fun!)

Today was my first Friday as a student! Normally, my Fridays are the toughest days because they start at 8AM and don't end until four (with a one hour break at 2), but our Chemistry labs haven't started yet, so I didn't have class until noon. I still woke up early, though, so that I can get used to the early mornings. I had breakfast, read and watched some random movies. Then basically, I sat through algebra/trigonometry which is turning out to be the most difficult class yet due to pure boredom. It's impossible to pay attention because we're learning things that are so basic that I don't even have to think about them and the rest of the class is having some insane issues with the distributive properties. Now, I understand that some people just aren't good at math and don't enjoy it, but I'm just annoyed that I couldn't get out of the class.

Afterward, I sat through Anatomy and Physiology, which is going to be interesting eventually, but is pretty basic right now. I read through the chapter already and the professor essentially repeated, word for word, the whole of the textbook. I am very excited, however, to start Anatomy and Physiology labs! After an hour break, for lunch and some homework, I went to Chemistry. We covered the metric system and my worst enemies–significant figures. I have to put a lot of effort into memorizing the conversions from kilometers to meters to centimeters to millimeters because that's been a difficult thing for me forever.

After class, I sat in my room and hid in my fort from the crazy party going on in the kitchen/common area. Also, I find it kind or ridiculous that, on Fridays, the dining commons closes at 2PM. That meant that I had to make my own food, but couldn't go into the kitchen for fear that my brain would melt if I was exposed to the direct sound waves of The Spice Girls and weird rappers with only one name (at least in my room, there was a door and a wall to protect me from the scariness). Eventually, they all left to go wherever it was they were going and I made some food and started watching Ocean's Eleven.

This weekend, I plan to hang out with Meredith, do homework, go grocery shopping (I have not goldfish!!!) and do laundry. It should be pretty... interesting.

Also, just an update. I got at ticket to go see Wicked at the Boston Opera House on September 14th! I'm extremely excited and I'll be sure to tell you all about it!