Today was my first experience with a 9:00 AM class. As I've found out, it's pretty bad. For some reason, after an hour and a half of being awake, I'm still not fully functional. First of all, I woke up to the most intense thunderstorm I've ever experienced. It was pouring and the storm was right on top of us because there was absolutely no lag between the crazy bright lightning and the extremely loud thunder. Now, that being said, my only course of action (clearly) was to take a shower and hope to heck that I didn't get electrocuted! In the end, I was safe. Following breakfast, however, I committed the cardinal sin of MCPHS studenthood. I left my ID badge in my room when I left to go to class. Now, let me take a moment and explain. ID badges are required at all times. And I mean ALL times. There are security guards at all of the doors, teachers enforce the policy and even RAs make you wear them when you're in the dorm halls. The only time when you don't have to wear them is when you leave campus (but not when you go to the dining hall at MassArt because you need it to get in and to pay!) and when you are in your room. That ID badge is like the key to every single thing. It gets you into buildings, rooms, elevators and, yes, the dorms. So, there I was, trying to get to class, but once I exited the dorms, I realized what I had done and couldn't return to my dorm without my ID badge. Oh the joy. I asked the security guard to let me in, which he was very nice about, probably because it was only the second day of classes and I'm sure about 100 freshmen have done that so far. Thankfully I keep my keys in my pocket and not attached to my ID lanyard. The issue then became that, since one of the elevators broke a few days ago, that it takes almost ten minutes to get from the first floor to the fifth floor and then back down again (the elevator stops at basically every floor and is always packed!) Thankfully, again, I made it to class (First Year Seminar) two minutes early.

First Year Seminar is a pretty simple class. It's all about getting used to being a freshman and learning how to make the most of your time at MCPHS. The only real work that's assigned are a few reflection papers and a project on your chosen career. After FYS, I went back to my room and did some pre-reading for chemistry, my homework for Expository Writing and I started my first FYS reflection paper. Also, somewhere in that time I ate lunch before heading downstairs for my Algebra/Trigonometry class. Seriously, that class is probably going to be difficult only because I'm going to get ridiculously bored. Today, we introduced ourselves to the professor (who is Hungarian) and then learned about integers and rational numbers. Later, I went through the first three homework assignments, all of which are really basic algebra—solving for x and simplifying equations. Honestly, the book starts with material that I learned in 6th grade and goes to about 9th grade. And I know I'm not great at math (gah Calculus!) but apparently these types of things have been used so often in the last few years that it's all become second nature. It felt kind of awesome to just do math without even thinking!

After math, but before the homework endeavor, I had Anatomy and Physiology. A&P was my first class that has more than 200 students. It's kind of overwhelming, and the professor ("Dr. G") seems kind of harsh (that's college for you...). It's going to be an intense class, but I think it'll be really fun at the same time. There's not really much to say about A&P because we just went over the basics–expectations, syllabus, etc.

After that, I had an hour or so break, at which point I did the math homework and read some more for chemistry. Now, chemistry is going to be an odd class. It's also a really huge lecture (260ish) and the professor seems amazingly nice, but I don't remember ANYTHING from 10th grade chemistry (Mr. Richey would be appalled!). Then it was on to the rest of the homework that I could possibly do while leaving the Anatomy and Physiology reading for later tonight. I still haven't had a lab, and even though my chemistry lab is on Friday, it won't start until next week. I'm pretty excited to start labs, but both my A&P and chem labs begin with really long labs about measurement... and significant figures which are my worst enemy.

Anyway. That's about it for today. I'm waiting around until 10 PM so that I can attempt to order a Wicked ticket. They only have 100 and registration opens at 10. After that, I'm off to read textbooks and go to sleep so that I can go to class tomorrow! Whoo!