So I ended up having a pretty failtacular Fourth of July. After missing the reading of the Declaration of Independence, I wandered around the insanely crowded city for <i>hours</i> before trying to find somewhere along the even more crowded river to watch the fireworks. I realize now that I should have just sat down at 4:00 and waited for the fireworks, but I was extremely unprepared (no blanket, just a granola bar, water, sunscreen that I bought after walking around for a while, and my kindle). There was no way I was going to be able to wait until 10:00 and there was really no where for me to sit comfortably. So instead, I returned to school and watched the fireworks on the TV in the student lounge. I'm still pretty disappointed that I didn't get to see them in person, but at least I now know what to expect so that I can be far better prepared next year.

My week (and perhaps month), were definitely made today when I got to attend a free Torchwood pre-screening. For those who don't know, Torchwood is a spin-off  TV show of Doctor Who. The new season starts on Friday, and to promote the move from the BBC to Starz, they hosted 12 pre-screenings around the US of the season premiere, and there just happened to be one in Cambridge that reddit so nicely informed me of. The Facebook page registered 60 people attending with about 30 "maybes." The Starz people said there would be approximately 50 tickets, so I knew I had to make sure I got there quite early. After having a really crazy T experience, I managed to get myself to the theater in Cambridge at 4:40, get a ticket (and an awesome stress ball), and get in line. I think I counted and ended up about 20th in line, which was really nice. I was wearing my University of Gallifrey t-shirt (thanks Aunt V & Aunt M!!) and people totally knew what it meant, which is quite rare. There were people of all ages and they were all crazy awesome nerds who enjoyed Doctor Who, Arrested Development, Firefly, Nathan Fillion, Neil Patrick Harris, Comic Con, and Kindles. Seriously. My kind of people. It was really amazing to talk to some of them and stand in line listening to others. They were all really huge fans of Doctor Who/Torchwood and were extremely excited to see the premiere. Once we finally got to sit in the (quite small) theater, I redeemed my popcorn&soda&candy voucher that the nice Starz people gave us, and contentedly munched away while people behind me discussed Doctor Who conventions, costumes they were making, theories on the new seasons of Doctor Who/Torchwood, and whatever else they could possibly talk about. In the end, I'm pretty sure they sold out the screening, so I'm incredibly happy I got a seat.

And for those of you who know anything about Torchwood, I can't wait until you see this episode! It's pretty amazing. It's completely new and different and fresh compared to some of the beginning episodes. I'm pumped for this season to be awesome. And for those of you who are entirely confused by this, it's quite okay. I just had to rant about the glory of finding people who are fans of things I'm a fan of!

That said, I'm now going to go start the original Doctor Who seasons, study for a test or three, and eagerly await the release of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2 on Thursday night!