So, I know it's been a while, but there have been lots and lots of things going on. First and foremost, I've been swamped with reading, writing and homework for classes. The worst offender is very clearly Anatomy & Physiology because we cover about a chapter a week and a chapter is about 50 really dense pages. Our first test is on Wednesday, but I'll get to that in a minute.

Today, I had the most wonderful visit ever. Mom and Dad stopped by on their way home from Maine and took me out to lunch and shopping. I honestly forgot how much I really missed them until I saw them waiting for me. Being able to surround myself with homework has helped me ignore how much I want to be home, but then, there they were, smiling. They brought me a massive box of flavor blasted goldfish, juice, towels and various other awesome things. After giving them the updated tour, we left to go to lunch at Panera. I had some really delicious mac & cheese and a turkey sandwich. After catching up over lunch, we went to Staples to get a printer (in order to overcome the huge issues that come with trying to print from our school printers) and to Shaws to stock up on food (so that I don't have to carry really heavy things a long way!). Then we went back to my room and put away groceries and set up the printer. The latter ended up being quite frightening as the printer makes scary noises and seems to have a mind of its own. I just printed out a Chemistry study guide, however, and it seems to be working better!

Once we were done setting stuff up, it was time for Mom and Dad to leave, and it was hard. Really, really hard. No matter how much I tell myself that I like it here and am doing great, I know that it would take almost nothing to convince me to go back home. And this just showed me that even more. Sure, I like Boston and I'm learning a lot, but I miss Mom and Dad and Tim and my all of friends and free time and drama and easy homework and not having to figure out dinner/grocery shopping/dishes and and not having to deal with a roommate. I just have to keep telling myself that in three weeks, I'll see Tim and in a month and a half I'm going home to see the CTC show and then it's Thanksgiving. And between now and any of those, I have about 12 exams to keep me occupied. Oí.

Speaking of exams, this upcoming week is going to be the ultimate test of my abilities. On Monday, I have an Anatomy & Physiology lab quiz, followed by an Anatomy & Physiology exam on Wednesday and a Chemistry exam on Friday. The last two are, like, intense, 3 chapter exams. Yikes!!! I'm still not really sure how to study, so it'll be interesting! Anatomy is definitely going to be the most difficult because we're already quite deep into the subject, whereas in Chemistry we're still just scratching the surface of conversions and density and such. So when I'm done writing this, I'm definitely going to go lock myself in my room (or the lounge) and study for the rest of my life!