I know it's been a while, but I've been super busy! I'm going to try to quickly update you all on everything that's been happening here in Boston.

Way back on the 15th, I had my Algebra/Trig midterm (100% by the way) and a bunch of other classes to get through before I could meet up with Tim and Matt who had been wandering around Boston and Cambridge all day. It was awesome to see Tim after not seeing him for a month and a half! We went out for dinner at a Thai restaurant, which was my first experience with eating Thai food. It ended up being quite good! After that, we went back to my dorm and hung around doing basically nothing. They also got to meet the... people... who inhabit my room. That was a hilarious thing! Anyway, we evacuated and went to the brilliant, awesome, crazy Belle & Sebastian concert. I honestly only knew a few songs, but it was still amazing and I've been working on listening to more of their songs.

On Saturday, we went to Comic-Con, which happened to be in the same building as a rally for the current Massachusetts governor who is running again. That wouldn't have been such an issue, except that President Obama showed up and people were lined up for, probably, about a mile (I'm really not sure about that figure, but it seemed like it!). So this Comic-Con was mostly based on Buffy the Vampire Slayer and it was extremely small compared to San Diego. We only managed to get into one of the panels because of the fact that only about 150 people were able to get into the room. Still, it was fun to wander around the floor and see the different artists and actors. When we finally left (and found Matt) we went into Cambridge and ate at the Miracle of Science, a restaurant that uses a periodic table as their menu!

On Sunday, we decided not to go back to Comic-Con because there wasn't too much going on. Instead, Tim and I wandered around Boston before bringing him back to South Station to go back to Albany. Tons of other things happened, but at this point, I can't remember them or the order that they happened in... Anyway, it was awesome to see Tim and have someone to talk to. A lot. He was probably annoyed at how much I talked, actually.

Monday, the 18th was my first lab practical for Anatomy & Physiology. A lab practical is where the instructor sets up various pictures and microscopes and you have to go around to different stations (there were 25) and answer two questions at each station—labeling tissues or organs or identifying organelles and functtons of tissues. That wouldn't be too hard, except that you only have a minute and fifteen seconds at each station! Still, I felt pretty good about it and, as it turns out, we got our grades today and I ended up with a 103%!! That makes me exceedingly happy. More so than I can even describe or explain because it took a lot of effort and time to study for it and I'm glad that it all paid off! The rest of the week was pretty uneventful until Friday, when I had an A&P lecture exam. It seemed alright, and I'm still waiting for my grade on that one...

This past weekend, I went out on Saturday morning and explored the Boston Public Library. It's the most amazing library I have ever stepped foot in. Besides being huge and beautiful, there's a really nice studying/reading room and a brilliant courtyard. I actually got a library card! After that, I went to the Converse shoe store! It's amazing. Seriously. The bottom floor is all clothes and such, but the top floor is all shoes. There's even a customization bar where you can design shoes and they'll make them right there for you! Definitely awesome!

Sunday was all about sleeping in and studying and doing homework. Oh joy! If I can make it through this week, I'll be able to have an epic weekend because Michaela and Meredith and I are spending all weekend doing awesome things!!! I cannot wait!