So, I've decided that after almost a month, it's absolutely necessary that I write something! I'm not really sure what there is to say. School has been going pretty well, we've had a ton of snow days and delays and I've been pretty sick, but overall, the semester has started off quietly and is quickly ramping up.

In the meantime, I've been watching the best TV show ever: Doctor Who. It's a well known fact that I love mysteries, science fiction, fantasy and time travel stories. This show, somehow, manages to cram all of those together while also being hilarious and very thoughtful. I started with the new series from 2005 instead of the original from the 60's. I can honestly say that within two episodes, I was hooked. And there was absolutely no chance when the ninth doctor regenerated into David Tennant as the tenth doctor. He's widely recognized as the best (or second best) doctor out of all of the series, and it's for many very good reasons. The Doctor (he is not referred to as Doctor Who) is the last Time Lord from Gallifrey who travels around space and time in his police box shaped TARDIS (time and relative dimensions in space) with various awesome companions (not a verb). It's a really brilliant show where "intellect and romance triumph over brute force and cynicism." There's so much awesome packed into an hour that it sometimes hurts to watch because of the sheer amount of smiling. So, over the past month, I've devoured the five series and I'm planning on starting over to tide myself over until the sixth starts. So if you ever find yourself bored, sad or adventurous, watch Doctor Who!!!

I did, however, take a break for one short weekend when mom stopped by the Boston area to do awesome things! We got to figure out the commuter rail, eat dinner at PF Chang's, look around a mall where you could literally live in the bathroom because it was so "posh," watch the brilliant movie The King's Speech, eat cupcakes, shop for earrings, and hug a lot. My next recommendation, therefore, is for anyone needing inspiration, some history or dry humor. Go see The King's Speech!

This weekend (which will probably be ancient history by the time you're reading this since you've probably stopped checking because it's been so long...) Tim is coming to Boston for an interview and is coming to see me and stay with me! I'm quite excited to take a break from the tests/projects/papers that have all converged on this week and next week to see him! I hope the interview goes well for obvious, selfish reasons, but I'm also super excited about his interview in California! We'll see!

For the moment, I'm going to go watch Beauty and the Beast for an English paper. The homework never seems to stop for long... But at least it can be punctuated with awesome.