I do believe that was the last post-Potter coma I'll ever wake up from. And the last time Daniel Radcliffe/Emma Watson/Rupert Grint's names will appear on screen in the same film. And the last time I'll hear Hedwig's Theme in a theater. And the last time I'll stand in an insanely long line with people dueling, dressed incredibly like characters from the books, accurately quoting movie after movie, and debating really really subtle plot details. The last time, I suppose, unless you count the next three times (or more) that I plan on going to see it.

Yesterday, following a lecture, quiz, and another lecture, I sat down and watched part one of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows. Then I sat around doing absolutely nothing until 9 PM when I decided it was probably time to go see what was happening at the movie theater. Now, from previous experience in Vermont, I would have thought this was ample amounts of time to line up and wait before sitting and waiting. Wrong. So very very wrong. By the time I got there, there was already a line of, I would estimate, 1000 people wrapping around the outside of the mall/center thing that the theater is part of. I'm not really used to that kind of dedication. For the seventh book release, the massive amount of people filled up our Borders, but that's a book release. For the movies, usually getting there two hours ahead of time was sufficient and guaranteed you a relatively good seat. This theater, however, was playing the movie on 13 screens with each theater completely sold out for midnight showings. I can't even being to figure out how many people that should have been. Anyway, I sat down in line and listened to some of the soundtracks to pass the three hours. I eventually ended up talking to the woman next to me who had actually flown in to watch the movie with her daughter who is a law student at BU. The daughter had somehow managed to get to the beginning of the line and was updating her on what was happening and which theaters they were letting in (when we finally started to move). They were both really quite nice and were surprised that I had come alone, so they let me tag along with them. That ended up being a really good plan because the daughter saved us really nice seats. We then sat and chatted and waited for a very long time before... dun dun dun... the Warner Brothers logo came onto the screen and cued the beginning of the movie.

I'm not going to bore you with my in-depth review of the movie. I really need to read the book and watch the movie again before I make any final judgements. My immediate reaction, however, was pure and absolute contentment. They did a really wonderful job making a brilliant movie out of a book of near utter perfection. I know some people are angry about things they changed or left out, but there was not anything blatantly inaccurate that really ruined the movie, in my opinion. I would have liked for the final showdown to be more true to the book, but I liked what they did with it. And I even liked the epilogue, no matter how corny it was and how cheesy the makeup was. I give the movie cast and crew magnificent amounts of credit for producing one of the most difficult movies ever. So many people have waited so long for this that the pressure must have been immense to make it perfect. I think they did the best job possible without making it word for word, image for image the novel (which, dear Internet crazies who can't stop complaining, is not what a movie is supposed to be).

I'm not sure if anything will ever live up to what Harry Potter has been for me. It's been nine or ten years since I read the first book and was immediately enthralled in the wonderful world. I've been to three midnight book releases and three or four midnight movie premieres. There are t-shirts and special books and various memorabilia strewn throughout my room. There have been heated debates about movie/book differences, certain plot choices, and favorite characters. There have been instances of word for word movie recitations and displays of encyclopedic knowledge. The series has been a driving force in my life for such a long time, providing a constant source of joy and escape. I know this might sound a little bit crazy, but there's really no way for me to describe what it means to me and how greatly it's affected my life. I can't put into words the odd sort of loss I feel after seeing the final movie last night. After the release of the seventh book, there was a similar feeling, but I convinced myself it would be alright because there were still movies to look forward to. Now, I suppose there's Pottermore, but that doesn't really provide me with the same excitement. I'm at quite a weird point, like there's something missing. There will never be another midnight release, or the same feeling of gleeful anticipation and buildup. I feel like a part of my childhood has ended, and I wasn't quite ready to let it go. In fact, I'll never be ready to let it go. I plan to spend the rest of the day listening to the Deathly Hallows audiobook read by the brilliant Stephen Fry. I suppose that's what I'll have to settle for. Re-reading the books, re-watching the movies, and exploring fan fiction.

I have an incredibly deep love for JK Rowling's ability to inspire an entire generation of kids to read and accept some really intense/funny/heartwarming/thrilling stories. She is an amazing woman with an amazing imagination and I can only hope that she understands what she has done (and will continue to do) for millions of people around the world.


"Hogwarts will always be there to welcome you home."
								--JK Rowling
								
I am, and will forever be, a proud member of the Harry Potter generation.