I'm under the impression that I'm going to have to start writing every single day since it's so difficult to write about two or three days at once. I'll try to recount the last few days and from now on, I'll be updating more regularly.

On Saturday and Sunday, we had lots and lots of panels and presentations on things like fire safety, counseling services, safety in Boston and how to not get drunk and arrested and kicked out of the school. Really, it was a lot of stuff that seemed pretty obvious to me, but apparently needs to be told to some of the people here... Also, we had a scavenger hunt around Boston on Saturday night. We went with parts of our floor and tried to solve the clues that were being texted to us. Their clues took us to Fenway (which was packed because it was a game night), Mike's Pastries, the Aquarium, the Prudential Center and the Public Library. It was pretty fun until we had been walking around for two hours and kept getting lost. Then it got a lot less fun when I tripped at the top of the broken escalator and hurt my knee (for which I had no ice tray to make ice and the instant ice pack in my first aid kit is basically a mensa test). Injuries aside, it was fun because I talked to a few people on my floor. On Sunday night, we went to the MassArt Auditorium and watched a play about the dangers of drinking and violence. When I returned to my dorm after that, I realized how much I missed being in the theater and drama, so I emailed the director of the theater program for the Colleges of the Fenway and asked if there were opportunities for techies. He said of course there were, and that there was a meeting I should attend (more on that later!).

On Monday, I met up with Meredith in the afternoon and we went to Boloco for lunch and then wandered around Northeastern. This whole situation is a definite win! I walked back to MCPHS and searched out all of my classrooms (which are more difficult to find in a one building school than you would imagine) and then I was about to go grocery shopping (eek!) when I got a text from one of the people in my orientation group saying that we were going to the movies (on free movie tickets that I won for our group in an epic Family Feud battle). It was really great to see all of them again since we were such a great group. Now I just have to find them outside of orientation group situations. So we walked to the movies, but it turned out that our leaders had written the times down wrong, so there were no movies for us to see for an hour or two and people had meetings that would have conflicted if we went to a later movie. Instead, we went to Coldstone for ice cream, which was a great treat since it's quite warm here. After that, I finally went grocery shopping and successfully found stuff to make lunch for myself! After that long, yet really, really awesome day, I went home and started to read my psychology textbook to prepare for my first class! 

<CENTER>
~ • ~ • ~ • ~
</CENTER>


Tuesday September 7, 2010: My first official day of college. It's an insane thing for me to even comprehend. On the schedule today were Introduction to Psychology and Expository Writing. Even though my first class wasn't until 11, I felt the need (for some strange reason) to wake up at 8 in order to get ready and eat breakfast and read some more. In any case, that is far too long! When it was finally time to leave (about 15 minutes before class) I found that the school is actually a bustling school, not just the empty building that I've seen for the last few weeks and every time I've visited before. It's actually kind of overwhelming. It seemed as though there were more people walking around today than go to the high school! Psychology is a pretty small class (about 40 people) in a lecture hall built for about 300. I was lucky enough to run into some of the people from my floor before class, so I sat with them, which was nice. The professor looks quite a bit like George Lucas and is really funny. He started class by asking us what we wanted him to talk about. A lot of people said they wanted to get a copy of the syllabus or have him introduce himself. That launched him into a short discussion with us about what society tells us is the right thing to do and what motivates us to do what it is we do. It was really interesting and didn't seem like class at all, it seemed more like a big discussion, which was a whole new thing! We then went through quite a bit of time talking about how people really aren't unique, which was actually really amazing, before we got to the schedule and what we're looking forward to. I think psychology is going to be a really interesting class. It's really nice to have such a small class and I'm glad I managed to take an intro course in high school so that some of the stuff that's in the textbook already makes sense!

After that class was dismissed (its an hour and fifteen minutes), I ate lunch (the sandwich stuff from yesterday) and did some homework for Anatomy and Physiology and Chemistry. Then, I met up with Meredith again to get her a CharlieCard and to hang out before my next class at 3. I left on the T from the MCPHS stop, but the train didn't stop at the Museum of Fine Arts or Northeastern... Instead, it went directly to Symphony, which is an underground station, unlike the other three. After they released us from the train, I walked back to Northeastern and Meredith and I rode the T back to MCPHS and then walked to Shaws/Coldstone/BestBuy/Staples. I'm going to get pretty sappy here for a minute, so please excuse me (and Meredith, I suggest skipping to the next paragraph). Being able to meet up with Meredith is making this huge transition a whole bunch easier. It's so nice to have someone that I know and who knows me that I can just walk around and talk to. It's awesome to be able to just hang without trying to get to know people or tell them about myself. I love it!

My second class, Expository Writing, was also in a big lecture hall and had about 30 people. My professor was far less interesting than the previous one and I kind of think this is going to be a very long class with him as the professor. He rambles a lot and never seems to finish a whole sentence and pauses for long intervals during sentences, which makes him very hard to follow and a questionable choice for an English teacher, in my opinion. Anyway, in that class, we were required to do a writing sample based on the book we were required to read over the summer. The topic of the essay was really odd, so I did my best, but he said they really just want to see how we organize our thoughts and paragraphs, structure our sentences and whether or not we use grammar correctly. He also informed us that we are going to start with parts of speech and move up to parallelism and the likes because, "you can't fix a car without knowing what a carburetor is." I think this is one of those classes that you just have to force yourself through. I don't really know anyone in the class, but this one girl that mom and dad introduced me to at accepted students day is in there, so hopefully I'll get to know her better.

After class, I went back to my room, did some more homework, attempted to print out my homework (which was a fail because our computers in the library don't seem to accept any type of USB key...), ate lunch in the dining commons, bought a composition book from the bookstore, and got ready to go to the drama meeting. The meeting was at the auditorium where the play we watched over the weekend was, so I knew how to get there. When I got there, however, the doors were all locked. I waited around, but finally left because it was quite clear that no one was going to show up. I went back to my dorm and checked the email again. It very clearly said, "Come on by this Tuesday at 7:00pm at Tower Auditorium at Mass Art." Now, if you're like me, and you knew the email was sent on Monday, you would assume that the Tuesday he referred to was the one right after the Monday when he wrote the email. Clearly not, since I just did the online interest registration and it says to stop by on the 14th. Whatever. With no drama meeting, I finally figured out how to print my homework (I emailed it to myself and then printed it...) and then locked myself in my room to write this and read the rest of my psychology textbook in my fort (the very cozy area under my bed that involves a blanket, pillows and a light) since I can't watch Warehouse 13 because we get just about every channel except for SyFy... 

Tomorrow is going to be a busy day. I have First Year Seminar at 9, followed by Algebra and Trigonometry, Anatomy and Physiology and Basic Chemistry. I'm pretty excited to start the more intense classes, but I know it's going to be a lot of work. I think that's all for tonight, but you can almost definitely expect an update tomorrow after all of those classes are done!