Hi! It's probably been so long now that no one even checks this anymore. Anyway, I thought I'd write an update on all of the crazy things going on in Boston. First of all, I think I'm finally in college. Seriously. Classes are actually harder. I have a roommate that I talk to and go fun places with (we go find food, eat frozen yogurt from Pinkberry, explore the mapparium, watch movies, etc.). I leave my room. I sometimes cook food. It's pretty insane and I'm pretty happy.

Secondly, and slightly more importantly, I have somewhere to live in the fall! Yay! With lots and lots of help from mom and dad, I finally found somewhere relatively close by that isn't entirely sketchy or tiny. It's actually quite nice. I went in the other day and signed the lease and wrote the biggest checks I've ever written. My apartment has a little bathroom, a little kitchen (with a gas stove), a separate bedroom, and a small entryway that can fit a table and chairs or a small couch. The windows look out over Fenway Park and that general area, so there's lots of food/stores/CVS/etc. right near by which is quite helpful. Overall, I'm really happy that I found somewhere so nice and that I actually have somewhere to be! I'm also quite excited to be able to organize and decorate a new place. Also, now if anyone wants to come visit, there aren't other people to make it awkward or weird! (Psst! Come visit if/when you have time after September 1st. Specifically when I don't have major tests!)

This upcoming week should also be pretty fun. Apparently, I'm going to attempt to go to the Chowder Fest tomorrow and see what that's all about. Then on the 4th, I'm going to take a deep breath and plunge into the crazy crowds of July 4th Boston. I'm going to try to go see the Boston Pops Concert and watch the fireworks and generally avoid being stampeded. Then on Wednesday, I'm going to see if I can get into an early screening of the new Torchwood season premier! Also, there are some classes thrown in there. Somewhere. We'll see how that all goes.

That's about all for now. I really really wish this summer session would be over right now. No matter how much I love being in Boston, I really loved being home for my birthday and seeing everyone and it was incredibly difficult to get back on that bus. My three weeks of freedom cannot come soon enough. I really look forward to heading to California, sleeping in my own bed, and doing fun things with awesome people. Until then, there are fun things to do, books to read, cross-stitching to do, classes to attend, lots and lots of tests to take, and movies/TV shows to watch. 